Add support for ignoring the upper bound of platform requirements using "name+" notation (#10318)
composer/composer: doc/03-cli.md

  See also the [`platform`](06-config.md#platform) config option.
* **--ignore-platform-req:** ignore a specific platform requirement(`php`,
  `hhvm`, `lib-*` and `ext-*`) and force the installation even if the local machine

>   does not fulfill it. Multiple requirements can be ignored via wildcard. Appending
>   a `+` makes it only ignore the upper-bound of the requirements, so that if something
>   requires for example `php: ^7` and you run PHP 8 `--ignore-platform-req=php+` would
>   allow installation, but on PHP 5.6 it would still fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  does not fulfill it. Multiple requirements can be ignored via wildcard. Appending
  a `+` makes it only ignore the upper-bound of the requirements. For example, if a package
  requires `php: ^7`, then the option `--ignore-platform-req=php+` would allow installing on PHP8,
  but installation on PHP 5.6 would still fail.
```

>   but installation on PHP 5.6 would still fail.

Reviewer 2: So it's PHP 5.6, but then PHP8. There is a space missing there ;-)

Author: Will fix ;)

  See also the [`platform`](06-config.md#platform) config option.
* **--ignore-platform-req:** ignore a specific platform requirement(`php`,
  `hhvm`, `lib-*` and `ext-*`) and force the installation even if the local machine

>   does not fulfill it. Multiple requirements can be ignored via wildcard. Appending
>   a `+` makes it only ignore the upper-bound of the requirements, so that if something
>   requires for example `php: ^7` and you run PHP 8 `--ignore-platform-req=php+` would
>   allow installation, but on PHP 5.6 it would still fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  does not fulfill it. Multiple requirements can be ignored via wildcard. Appending
  a `+` makes it only ignore the upper-bound of the requirements. For example, if a package
  requires `php: ^7`, then the option `--ignore-platform-req=php+` would allow installing on PHP8,
  but installation on PHP 5.6 would still fail.
```
